okay here to be on my backhoe like I
have it's a 3:10 John Deere bad coal and
I think the toad was back in fact shirt
in the seventies
I'm gonna zoom in on it now what's wrong
direction see didn't Oh get it back it
up just a hair there we go
how's the operating lift as you can see
from the thing then as opening bucket
plus this can be adjusted go down to the
front or like that or even farther back
hard to adjust it but okay we're not
done yet I'm gonna show you the little
that right there just go push on it and
it should come down
well I say it like that press that out
with the spring rotated around I'll show
you the other side of the other one hold
on
okay now that one's down oh yeah it
steers steering wheel and some yelling
it's a little stiff then it has a
rotating seat
your head to the back and you have the
John Deere backhoe decal oh yeah I got
this on eBay for about 75 bucks
awesome tractor and that's it bye